docs: update some docs (#61)
CeresDB/ceresdb: docs/community/ROLES.md

# CeresDB community roles

- [CeresDB community roles](#ceresdb-community-roles)
    - [Summary](#summary)
    - [Contributor](#contributor)
    - [Committer](#committer)

>     - [PMC](#pmc)

Author: fixed, it is now consistent with the CN version

## Summary

This document describes role division of the CeresDB community. Like other communities, each specific role has its own responsibilities and requirements. On the other hand, role in CeresDB community will have corresponding permissions and authorities.

Our community consists of the following three roles according to the Apache specification

- Contributor
- Committer
- PMC

The requirements, responsibilities, and authorities for each role are described below.

## Contributor

**Requirements**

> Submited a PR and merged in any official CeresDB project successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Submit a PR and get merged in any official CeresDB project.
```

# CeresDB community roles

This document describes the roles in the CeresDB community, as well as the requirements and authority for each role.

- [Summary](#Summary)

> - [Contributor](#contributor)

Reviewer 2: contributor -> Contributor

- [Committer](#committer)
- [PMC](#pmc)

## Summary

This document describes role division of the CeresDB community. Like other communities, each specific role has its own responsibilities and requirements. On the other hand, role in CeresDB community will have corresponding permissions and authorities.

Our community consists of the following three roles according to the Apache specification

- Contributor
- Committer
- PMC

The requirements, responsibilities, and authorities for each role are described below.

## Contributor

**requirements**

Submited a PR and merged in any official CeresDB project successfully.

> **responsibilities**

Reviewer 2: Responsibilities
